# Task Checklist (Week of 3/3/2025)

**Monday (3/3/2025) - Aarhus Universitet, Emdrup, 7213 C, Tuborgvej 164, 2400 København (18 min vs 29 min)**

**"Der er mange muligheder for at arbejde med studierne på campus. Der er læse- og studiepladser rundt omkring i undervisningsbygningerne, og på biblioteket er der både stillelæsepladser og muligheder for gruppearbejde i særlige områder, som er åbne for studerende hele døgnet."**

- [ ] .
- [ ] .
- [ ] .

**Tuesday (4/3/2025) -  Aarhus Universitet, Emdrup, 7213 C, Tuborgvej 164, 2400 København (18 min vs 29 min)**

- [ ] Clean up codebase
- [ ] Make the simulation work, both transmitter and receiver
- [ ] Maybe write mail to Mathias about some more understanding about signalprocessing since we are slightly in doubt about it and the solution he proposed

**Wednesday (5/3/2025) -**

- [ ] . Prepare lab meeting  tmrw - see text.
- [ ] . Merge branches
- [ ] . Explain to Morten what Mathias and Felipe did
- [ ] Morten explains to Felipe what Morten did -> Morten will try to understand Reed-Solomon a bit better (and make sure his code actually does what he thinks)
- [ ] Write documentation for stuff we already understand in our report
  - [ ] Note for Mathias or Haris: we need some more guidance on the implementation that we do not fully understand, something filter, complex numbers
- [ ] make main.py that calls -> transmitter, receiver, morten_encoding, morten_decoding

"Welcome to the first lab meeting for Spring 2025. During the meeting an 8 min slot is assigned to each project. Each student/group of students should devote 5 minutes and make some slides to present the current status of the project. Then 3 minutes are devoted for questions.

In order to talk about their project the students should make some slides presenting the following: current status, problems facing atm, latest results, bugs, research ideas to proceed, and whatever you feel is relevant. Since several groups started recently it is also ok to give an introduction about what your project will be about."

**Thursday (6/3/2025) - DTU**

- [ ] . LAB meeting. See text below - DTU Compute 322-105 (24 pers). tors. 6. mar. 2025 9:30am – 11:30am (CET
- [ ] . Make plots and write what we have done so far into the report, document stage 1 of the project
- [ ] . Send data wave using cable yaay - Felipe
- [ ] . Add encoding - Morten
- [ ] . Mathias will check out some premable to ensure good recording of data

**Friday (7/3/2025)**

- [ ] . FELIPE MEETING 16:00
- [ ] . MEETING WITH HARRIS @ 10:00
- [ ] .

**Saturday (8/3/2025)**

- [ ] .
- [ ] .
- [ ] .

**Sunday (9/3/2025)**

- [ ] .
- [ ] .
- [ ] .
